All right.
First on our agenda is gonna be the flow property.
I'm going to start very simply by creating some kind of Dave can actually give it a class let's say
class again is gonna be something like manner then within the better we're going to place our image
and we're gonna go with a small one.
So let's say source we're looking for small let's go to the image name and then let's write.
No no whatever some kind of alternative so small image.
And by the way I know that I have been avoiding alternatives all the time so that's probably something
we should always add.
What was in the small image.
Just double check.
So we had some kind of mountains let's say and this is gonna be nice view.
It's gonna be a text some nice view.
Okay so far so good.
And once I say it obviously this is gonna be my image.
Now what else I would like here.
Well I'm gonna say paragraph for the paragraph.
I don't know 50 words that should do I say.
So now we have the program.
We already know that the reason why we're having the margins here and the reason why we're starting
new line is because paragraph is block level.
But let me throw you a mind Gurney.
I'm gonna head over back to Celsius.
First we're gonna select the winner and then for the banner I would like to have just some kind of water.
The border is it gonna be five pixels solid.
And as always I'm gonna go with the red.
And let me add maybe a little bit of padding let's say padding is gonna be 10 pixels all around.
Now what happens if we use the float property.
Well I can just say for the image since I have an image that I would like to float it and I can just
say flow and then we're looking for a few options here.
Let me get my suggestions again.
Let's say float and float we have left we have right and we have not.
Now you would be tempted to say that this is already floated to the real left because what's happening
is that image is already floated to the left.
However by default we have for all of them.
Now do you want me to project what happens here.
So I'm gonna save it float it to the left.
Now check this out.
Even though the paragraph supposed to be a block level moment where this is starting a new line right
now it took the element out in our case image out of the normal flow.
So now the paragraph is actually wrapping around.
Now if we don't want this look then we would need to go for what we have an option of clear.
So for the paragraph I would say that I would want to use the clear and then I have few options I can
have clear both.
So in that case if there is going to be let's say two elements that have been one floated to the left
and I want the right or I'm going to be looking for the actual flow direction.
So in this case if I floated to the left I would need to write that I would want to clear it.
Also on the left hand side.
So now I'm having back again the look that I had before where the paragraph was actually respecting
the fact that it was starting in your line.
Now if I'm gonna make him let's say mistake and right there I would want to clear it from the right
notice.
Again this is not going to work well this case.
This is not going to work because I wrote it incorrectly.
This should be g h t but still what's happening is that even though I use the clear property my value
was incorrect.
So that's something you need to remember that if you're lowering something let's say in one direction
if you want the next element to clear it and start a normal flow of documents like it should be.
You also need to use the right or left property in our case.
That would be the left.
So now we have the paragraph that is actually respecting that it needs to start in your mind just like
it should.
So let's start out with a right one.
Let's say that I'm going to be looking on the right and again.
Same thing happens is because we're using for the Clear left.
So now the paragraph actually goes up.
So if I'm going to again use the right that would be the correct one notice.
Again we're going to be starring in your line.
What else we'll have when we have an option of.
Like I said if there's going to be let's say two of them we can use something like both.
Now where we'll do that.
I don't know.
We can head over to indexation AML and we can copy paste this image.
Then there's gonna be two small images.
Now one is gonna be let's say with a class of first just to show you kind of how everything would work.
We're gonna add a class.
It's gonna be one.
This is gonna be number two.
Now what's gonna happen right now.
Well both of them first of all gonna be floated to the left side by side.
Well I'm sorry to late because we added float right but in my case now we want to use the class of 1.
So I'm going to say that only the first one is gonna be floated to the right and then this guy is gonna
stay.
So everything is working fine.
However if I'm going to say two and also I'm gonna float it to the left so floated to the left.
Now again the reason why we have normal everything because if we have cleared both what we found right.
Just clear right now is where our tax is gonna be sitting right now.
All right.
And now my tax is sitting exactly in the middle.
Because even though it is avoiding the actual one that we have on the right hand side it's not avoiding
the left one.
Well you might say this is not true.
I can see where starting new line.
OK.
What if I go here on a number two and let's say that the height is going to be 300.
What is gonna happen right now.
Now my image is really big.
So even though we're starting a new line because there is the one on the right the left one is still
not being taken care of.
So in this case if we would want to avoid that we would say clear both.
And now we finally have our paragraph where we have as normal next time.
Now it's really up to you if you want to float it to the left and have paragraph side by side.
That is also an option just to quickly show you though if we're gonna go bigger with this image right
now.
If let's say I'm going to go with thousand is gonna be my head.
Notice that this is pretty much really going to be big and it's gonna leave actually.
Also my dear.
So what would be the suggestion how we can fix that.
Well we have an option here of overflow and hitting so that way the image whenever it's gonna be getting
too big for the parent if we can use this overflow with the value of hidden and now at least the image
is gonna stay within the bounds of this day.
Now again this was a little bit too drastic let's say 300 and you know what I can just get rid of the
second one just to show you how we can do with him side by side so let's say there's not gonna be anymore
the second one and now we we're going to imagine the scenario where we want them side by side so we
like to look how everything looks great.
So we have floated here this one to the left.
So this was fine or you don't want to the right.
We can delete the second one we don't need it anymore and we also don't need to clear property.
Let's say that this is exactly how you would want would want them side by side.
Now we can always do nicely is to have some kind of margin.
So for number one I can say margin and let's say margin left is gonna be I don't know 50 pixels so that
way I can get more margins in between them if that's something you like and that's in general how we're
gonna work with a float.